This is the user manual and maintenance guide for the Android Pokedex. 

The source code is found in the Pokedex/src.
NOTE: This project uses Android API level 8 (for Android OS 2.2 and up).
Additionally, this project is written entirely in java. No class files 
will be found in this project as they will vary based on the build path of each user
attempting to extend, modify, or examine the code.

The layouts of the project for each screen can be found in the pokedex/res/layout
folder as XML files.

TODO:
1. Incorporate Pokemon cries with audio playback
2. Use a male voice instead of a female voice in TTS
3. Extend search features to search for Pokemon even if the user doesn't know what the 
name of the Pokemon is
4. Incorporate a start-up sound for the application
5. Test functionality in different language (portability of application is very 
important to us)
6. Fix minor bugs that we forgot to document
7. Have some kind of bug tracking to accompany this project
8. Add a new column in the MySQL database to use for pronounciation issues
9. Implement pause functionality

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TO USE:
**USER'S NOTE: As there are over 600 Pokemon in existence today, this application only 
has information on the first 151 (from Bulbasaur to Mew). This may be expanded to 
include more Pokemon as more time is dedicated to this project.

A. Open the application:
  Displaying All Applications, choose (touch/select) the Android-Pokedex.

B. Use the Pokemon Matching feature:
  From the home screen, choose the option "What Kind of POKEMON are you?"
  The user should be taken to a screen where he/she will be prompted to select
  an activity/hobby that best describes him/her, then a color he/she likes, and 
  a shape of a face that most resembles him/her.
  After the three options have been selected, the user will touch/select "Submit" 
  and will be taken to a new screen that will show the image and information
  regarding the Pokemon that most resembles him/her.

C. Use the Pokemon Search feature:
  From the home screen, choose the option "Search for a Pokemon"
  The user should be taken to a screen where he/she will be prompted to type in
  the name of the Pokemon he/she would like to see. 
  (As of 5/21/2012, the search ability is limited to searching by name OR Pokedex
  number ONLY, and incomplete or improperly spelled names will not return a Pokemon.
  This shall be addressed in the next iteration of edits that will be done in the
  coming months.)
  After the user types in a Pokemon name, the user will select/touch "Search" and
  will be taken to a new screen that will show the image and information regarding
  the Pokemon that the user searched for.

D. Generate a random Pokemon
  From the home screen, choose the option "Generate a random Pokemon"
  The user will be taken to a new screen that will display the image and information
  of a randomly generated Pokemon.

E. Viewing the Results
  After options A, B, or C are selected, the user will be taken to a new screen that
  will display an image of the Pokemon, and below it will have text that the user can 
  scroll through to read statistics.

F. Using the Text to Speech feature to have results read to the user
  On the results screen, the user can choose to play back the information of the 
  Pokemon. To do so, the user must touch/select the PLAY statistics button. Upon touch, 
  the button will become red (the text will also change to STOP playback)
  so that when the user wants to stop playback, he/she only needs to touch the 
  same button (upon touch the button will become green and will read "PLAY statistics").
  When the STOP button is pushed, the audio will stop. When PLAY is selected after a stop
  the audio will begin reading statistics from the beginning.

G. Using the back button
  At any point in time during the use of the application, the user can select the "Back"
  button to return to the home screen.